Update ansible.md note about running only on centos (#6963)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/install-opensearch/ansible.md

You can use an Ansible playbook to install and configure a production-ready OpenSearch cluster along with OpenSearch Dashboards.

> The Ansible playbook only supports deployment of OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards to the most popular Linux distributions (Centos7, RHEL7, Amazon Linux 2, Ubuntu 20.04) hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ansible playbook only supports deployment of OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards to the most popular Linux distributions (CentOS 7, RHEL7, Amazon Linux 2, Ubuntu 20.04) hosts.
```
